tell me about what your brother and
boyfriend have in common they are both
in the military my boyfriend is in the
army and he's actually an Iraq right now
so how does it feel to have a boyfriend
in Iraq is the scariest thing does he
know that you're here um he does he's
just so proud of me
to know that he's there just like kills
me but I always say my prayers and just
hope that he's okay give me a big to me
most the girls are cool but I don't
think they understand how stupid they
act sometimes you know
the girl from Africa she called me
ghetto she didn't say ghetto like I'll
show you so ghetto like she said it good
you so get up you look like a lot of the
girls here I feel like most of them
actually intimidated about me you know
they look at me and they're like you're
so exotic looking like you're so gonna
get this you know hi my name is Kathy
Shanna I was actually born in Poland in
Lublin Poland you're an Ivy League of
students I graduated from Cornell
University and since then I began
working with an executive search firm I
was sitting at that desk you know doing
my work all I wanted to do is just be a
model you wanted to break from that desk
and walk down the yeah waiting like they
were might have a bed desk and strut you
can though my job pays well I feel like
that's not where am i calling is that
that's not what I was born to do I like
her look I think she's a sweet girl but
not boring I'm here from the DDOT seat
and none of these girls ain't got
nothing on me how many times did you
audition for top models eight oh eight
nine eight times
I'm the Carmen I've been waiting to get
to this point so that means you are not
a quitter
no I just want girls out there to know
if you have a dream just go after it and
the eighth time is a charm
is it like that meets value such that
when everybody got get on it in them but
what is I don't know Fatima
that all black girls here I ghetto and I
wrong person to mess wit especially when
I know I'm in a competition you do not
want to get on my bad side I have
accepted the fact that I'm a bitch I
want everything in the book I've
accepted that bitch I just couldn't
believe that that even came out of her
mouth like if honestly just like a
switch just within my head yeah yes let
me tell you something oh oh don't do not
shut up bitch your dad in my book if you
have an opinion fine but you know
screaming it doesn't get the point
across